feat: adding ability to create Vault IAM user (#26)
jenkins-x/terraform-aws-eks-jx: README.md

#### Inputs
<a id="markdown-Inputs" name="Inputs"></a>

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:-----:|
| apex\_domain | The main domain to either use directly or to configure a subdomain from | `string` | `""` | no |
| cluster\_name | Variable to provide your desired name for the cluster. The script will create a random name if this is empty | `string` | `""` | no |
| create\_and\_configure\_subdomain | Flag to create an NS record ser for the subdomain in the apex domain's Hosted Zone | `bool` | `false` | no |
| desired\_node\_count | The number of worker nodes to use for the cluster | `number` | `3` | no |
| enable\_external\_dns | Flag to enable or disable External DNS in the final `jx-requirements.yml` file | `bool` | `false` | no |
| enable\_logs\_storage | Flag to enable or disable long term storage for logs | `bool` | `true` | no |
| enable\_reports\_storage | Flag to enable or disable long term storage for reports | `bool` | `true` | no |
| enable\_repository\_storage | Flag to enable or disable the repository bucket storage | `bool` | `true` | no |

> | enable\_tls | Flag to enable TLS int he final `jx-requirements.yml` file | `bool` | `false` | no |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| enable\_tls | Flag to enable TLS in the final `jx-requirements.yml` file | `bool` | `false` | no |
```

| max\_node\_count | The maximum number of worker nodes to use for the cluster | `number` | `5` | no |
| min\_node\_count | The minimum number of worker nodes to use for the cluster | `number` | `3` | no |
| node\_machine\_type | The instance type to use for the cluster's worker nodes | `string` | `"m5.large"` | no |
| production\_letsencrypt | Flag to use the production environment of letsencrypt in the `jx-requirements.yml` file | `bool` | `false` | no |
| region | The region to create the resources into | `string` | `"us-east-1"` | no |

> | subdomain | The subdomain to be used added to the apex domain. If subdomain is set, it will be appended to the apex domain in  `jx-requirements-eks.yml` file | `string` | `""` | no |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| subdomain | The subdomain to be added to the apex domain. If subdomain is set, it will be appended to the apex domain in  `jx-requirements-eks.yml` file | `string` | `""` | no |
```

Author: I'll need to make the changes to this first in outputs.tf and variables.tf, since these tables are generated from these files.

Change into  an empty directory and execute:

```bash
jx boot --requirements <path-to-jx-requirements.yml>
```

:grey_exclamation: Remember you need to export _VAULT_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID_ and _VAULT_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY_.
See [Cluster provisioning](#cluster-provisioning).

You are prompted for any further required configuration.
The number of prompts depends on how much you have [pre-configured](#inputs) via your Terraform variables.

### Production cluster considerations
<a id="markdown-Production%20cluster%20considerations" name="Production%20cluster%20considerations"></a>

The configuration, as seen in [Cluster provisioning](#cluster-provisioning), is not suited for creating and maintaining a production Jenkins X cluster.
The following is a list of considerations for a production use case.

- Specify the version attribute of the module, for example:

    ```terraform
    module "jx" {
      source  = "jenkins-x/eks-jx/aws"
      version = "1.0.0"
      # insert your configuration
    }
    ```

  Specifying the version ensures that you are using a fixed version and that version upgrades cannot occur unintended.

> - Keep the Terraform configuration under version control,  by creating a dedicated repository for your cluster configuration or by adding it to an already existing infrastructure repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Keep the Terraform configuration under version control  by creating a dedicated repository for your cluster configuration or by adding it to an already existing infrastructure repository.
```
